Version 1.29

New way of finding servers (in anticipation of the full release which will include the server code.)
Hit the FIND server button to update your server list. The default server list is at SSCENTRAL.VIE.COM

Lots of minor changes in readyness for the shareware version.

DONT CLICK ON THE PLAY INTRO BUTTON :)



Version 1.28

This is the first of many revs coming in the next few weeks before we release final in November.
We are adding a lot of features to these revs so expect many bugs for you to find. :)


New game - Rabbit Chase Zone
We were not going to activate this for a while but we figured with all the bugs we put in we may as well add ONE feature to make people happy :)
The guy with the flag is the rabbit. He gets a super ship. Get him :)

Bug fixes

"Absolute weirdness" bug fixed.
-In 1.27 After you downloaded a level and played in that session then you might become invisible to other players and not see messages! :) Now fixed.

"Drop timer lost" bug fixed.

"Scores being lost" bug fixed.
This was very bad, some players got their scores completely erased. We apologize to those testers to whom this happened.


"Spectator mode bug" ...addressed, maybe.
We have had whole arenas dumped to spectator mode we THINK we have nailed this one but as it is dependent on load we cannot tell until we have this thoroughly tested (by you beta testers).

"Leviathan Bug" Fixed.
For some bizarre reason the lev got downgraded in the last rev, this is now fixed. The Lev is now identical to 1.25.



Version 1.27

Bug fix rev.

"Chuggy" bug fixed. 
-In 1.26 everybody's machine "paused" every second or so. This made the game unplayable. It is now fixed and we optimized it along the way so it should run faster than 1.25.

Download level bug fixed.
-For many people when downloading the level it simply crashed out. This is now fixed.

Fonts changed.
-many people found the new fonts illegible. Now fixed.

Graphics brightness changed.
-many people found the graphics too bright we have altered them slightly.

Proxy server.
-We have now included a "delete options" in the fun-o-tron. This should allow our long-suffering proxy players to play.

Graphics.
-You should be aware that 1.25 art & sound packs are available. (e.g.: http://subspace.warzone.com/scenarios/all_125.zip)
We will add links to these packs on the vie site this weekend.

Improved handicapped support.
-Changed interface for our handicapped players.



First some important news.

Subspace will be shipping in early November (NOV 14th is the projected date)
Subspace will cost around $29.99
Subspace will be freeplay forever.
Subspace will come with a Subspace server so if you wish you can host your own game.
There will be a shareware version available.

You can get more details at http://subspace.vie.com/
In the NEWS section.

Enough of that here are the 1.26 changes.


Version 1.26

Hi guys, well it's been a very busy time but 1.26 is finally ready.

BUG FIXES

Proxy servers now work (Fun-O-Tron)
Loads of Security patches (yawn).
New anti lagger code (self induced lag will now punish the lagger).
"Cannot allocate surface" bug fixed.
Spectators can no longer anti-warp.
Remember not to run debuggers when you want to run Subspace.
You can no longer get a flag in spec mode.

NEW FEATURES

NEW PALLETE
banners should now be reset as the new pallet may change them.
Template.bmp, in the SS dir has the new palette. 
Some level tiles may look funky.
All graphics have been brighten up We recommend turning gamma correction OFF.


BUYING
The ability to "buy" items is available in some zones. 
Type ?buy for the price list (cost in points) then ?buy and then name of the item to purchase.
EG: ?buy repel

This would reduce your points by the cost and give you the item.

NEW GRAPHICS & SOUND
We replaced the graphics and the sounds again. (coz we can't leave well enuf alone)

NEW COMMANDS
ESC A  or ?arena - Lists all the spawns available in a zone.
ALT - Brings up a new mega map of the entire arena and your position in it.
ESC S shows your frame rate.

NEW GAME STYLES
These will be introduce gradually starting off with Soccer..

King of the Hill - Each player has a crown and when he dies he loses his crown.
if he kills three crowned players he gets a his crown back.
Last person in zone with crown wins.

Chase the Rabbit - One flag in the game, the owner gets a gun & bomb upgrade (upto lev4)
he also gets 10X points for killing enemies.

Powerball - Get the powerball in the opponents net. This one is a lot of fun.


PERSISTANT CROSS ZONE CHAT CHANNELS
Type ?chat XXXX (xxx=name) then log into it. You will auto log into it every time you enter.
Great for keeping in touch with squad mates. 
;message to chat on channel.
EG:
?chat help
;hello

would log you into the chat channel called "help" then send the message "hello" on it.


WORMHOLE CHANGES
When you enter a wormhole it sends you to a fixed point, This destination changes every 10 seconds. 
Thus you can 'chase' people through wormholes.


PRIVATE SPAWNS WILL NOT KEEP SCORES
So don't try to make private zones to run up your score :)

SAVING & LOADING OF MACROS
?loadmacro XXXXX
?savemacro XXXXX

where XXXX is the file name. To see the format simply save out a macro file.
This allows squads to swap macros.

SAVEMAP CHANGED
You can now only savemaps in spectator mode.

WINDOWED MODE
When you come back from windowed mode you get an engine shutdown. (So only do it in spec.)

PRIVATE ARENAS
Simply start your spawn with a # Your spawn will then be invisible to others.
EG: ?go #private

USERS CAN SET MUSIC VOLUME
Tired of the loud music? You can change it by 
?music XX
XX is a number from 0-10 0 being silent 10 being loudest. 4 is barely audible background.

OPTION FOR 3D sounds.
This is turned OFF by default but if you have a powerful machine it's worth checking out.

TRANSLUSCENT EFFECTS
Turned off by default this can be turned on on the options menu.

MESSAGE TYPING
This is now multi line enabled. So you can write your mini novella without breaks.



SUBSPACE /OS

Now completed but not available for everyone. 
We now offer the ability for users to make their own games on our servers. 
This allows COMPLETE customizing of ships & game parameters.
This feature will be tested for a few days in the league & scenario zones before everyone
else is able to check it out. Look for news about it soon.

You can check out initial stuff on SS/OS at 
http://subspace.warzone.com/scenarios

its under the zone design section...






 







